[W-21231057] Update redirected links in docs-connectors (#3133)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce-cdp/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

[[set-up-the-ingestion-api]]
== Set Up the Ingestion API

> To use Salesforce CDP Connector, you must first set up the Ingestion API. For more information, refer to https://docs.mulesoft.com/salesforce-data-cloud-connector/latest/[Connect MuleSoft with Customer Data Platform]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Salesforce CDP Connector, you must first set up the Ingestion API. For more information, refer to https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/data/data-cloud-int/references/data-cloud-ingestionapi-ref/c360-a-api-get-started.html/[Get Started with Ingestion API]. 
```
